[Music]
I will spell
this right here is YouTube like I can't
even
I'm walking to where we need to go I
need your section we were down the
garage p5 Suman well today thank you
guys for asking
so we're heading to an American Eagle
tattling event because Julie's gonna be
there just urine is going to be there
and holding to the bait
going's the mate in america open this
weekend you probably can't hear me sorry
say this later father unless you can
hear me when I'm at it
styling session Joey how are you look at
you I'm really good you actually just I
continue to show girl I did I was all me
I'd like to thank my roommate David he's
probably everything you know about
styling so
so which okay did you pick I did
overalls look dress I just picked
everything pink that I could like start
colors I know almost a woman's
basketball you gotta be like real bright
and bullish Airport thank you
I'm waiting for the next outfit this is
such an IJ outfit to like I love it yeah
I'm definitely know it's my turn to turn
on some things I'm like I've been
watching you I'm like okay she's did my
test dummy I was like alright try this
one on and try this one on let me try
this one I'm like throwing stuff over
yeah I like this I know I feel like it's
a roll you know a fall transition piece
and ice back-to-school look you know
it's great
where's your backpack that so did you
get all your style
yes they did yeah I'm so excited States
you end up wearing because all they all
looks a little bit festival does begin
so hopefully we'll see some of you guys
there there may be some people here the
may know easy time to go celebrate
Jenna's birthday for the 50th time look
at you guys in your turtle Garrett
turtle yeah i Jenna's got his both beat
a lot then Justine ordered me these so
Thank You Justine what my t-shirt is in
the mail and it's supposed to be here
let's see if it's here yet look at this
basic purple
I'm a magician woody can you like put it
on the side of your head yeah you bought
the purple we could trade you might tell
it over to your side oh my gosh
guys we gotta go where you let your
Dennis party all the cupcakes where's
the cupcakes yeah let's get to what it
would've been like wait don't want any
of you have kids do we did you oh you
did I don't know Keith I do you do just
getting up thanks guys dude what should
we put this down looking at it like a
supermodel and we look like children
[Music]
thank you
you have a 102 it's funny cuz I copied
off here's just black and mine's white
whoa I like it it's a great great camera
oh yes
look at us log intestine it's heavy what
the audio is really good but as a
vlogging camera
yeah that's not notice so we're back
home from our fun festivities I didn't
really feel much I was really busy
having fun and socializing with our fan
I know it's so weird
so happy birthday Jenna I think that
we're done we're not celebrating here
well I think we're done we are it's
official but you're still up cupcakes so
we're not party tomorrow all right guys
we'll see you tomorrow love you bye I'm
so tired
you bag in my purse
[Music]